# Explore the QSR Services

Click on the preferred link below to explore each service.

<details>
<summary><b>Customer Services</b></summary>

[Create Customer Profile](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/customers): Register a customer in the Connected Commerce (uCom) system.  
[Delete Customer Profile](../api/?type=delete&path=/v1/customers/{fdCustomerId}): Delete a customer profile from Connected Commerce (uCom) system by providing the fdCustomerId.  
[Get Customer Profile by externalId](../api/?type=get&path=/v1/customers): Fetch the details of a customer providing the externalId.  
[Get Customer Profile by fdCustomerId](../api/?type=get&path=/v1/customers/{fdCustomerId}): Fetch the details of a customer providing the fdCustomerId.  
[Update Customer Profile](../api/?type=patch&path=/v1/customers/{fdCustomerId}): Update the details in a Customer Profile providing the fdCustomerId.  
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Security Services</b></summary>

[Create Security Access Token](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): For service calls directly from a mobile or connected device, the client needs to have an access token which is received by the client's server.  
[Get Encryption Key](../api/?type=get&path=/v1/encryption-keys/{keyId}): Get Connected Commerce (uCom) Gateway partner-specific key for encryption of data elements.  
[Get Public Signature Key](../api/?type=get&path=/v1/signature-keys/{keyId}): Get Connected Commerce (uCom) Gateway public key for validating message signatures.  
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Account Services</b></summary>

[Delete a Vaulted Account](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): Register a customer in the Connected Commerce (uCom) system.  
[Get Account Details ](../api/?type=get&path=/v1/encryption-keys/{keyId}): Delete a customer profile from Connected Commerce (uCom) system by providing the fdCustomerId.  
[Get List of Accounts](../api/?type=get&path=/v1/signature-keys/{keyId}): Fetch the details of a customer providing the externalId.  
[Retrieve Account with Nonce](../api/?type=get&path=/v1/account-tokens/{nonceTokenId}): Retrieve an account object by passing nonce token generated by POST /v1/account-tokens API.  
[Tokenize by Card Detail](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/account-tokens): Tokenize an account without an associated Connected Commerce (uCom) customer identifier. The token will be generated by the system configured in the merchant's setup.  
[Update Account by Card Details](../api/?type=patch&path=/v1/customers/{fdCustomerId}/accounts): Update a vaulted account where the fdCustomerId isn't known. The service will attempt to find vaulted accounts based on parameters in the payload and update them accordingly.  
[Update Account by fdAccountId](../api/?type=patch&path=/v1/customers/{fdCustomerId}/accounts/{fdAccountId}): Update a vaulted account.  
[Vault an Account](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/customers/{fdCustomerId}/accounts): Register a customer account in the Connected Commerce (uCom) vault.  
[Verify an Account](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/accounts/verification): Verify an account without an associated Connected Commerce (uCom) customer identifier.  
</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Payment Services</b></summary>

[Cancel Multirefund](../api/?type=post&path=/v2/payments/multi-refunds/{fdParentTransactionId}/void): Used to cancel the refunds.  
[Cancel Refunds](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/payments/refunds/{fdRefundId}/void): Used to cancel the refunds.  
[Cancel/Void Sale Transaction](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/payments/sales/{fdSaleId}/void): Used to cancel/void a sale transaction.  
[Capture Payment Authorization](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/payments/auths/{fdAuthorizationId}/captures): Fulfill a previous authorization.  
[Create Multiple Payment Sale Transactions](../api/?type=post&path=/v2/payments/multi-sales): Must include a funding source and requested amount greater than 0 for each payment sale.  
[Create Payment Authorization](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/payments/auths): Must include a funding source, authorization type and requested amount greater than 0.  
[Create Payment Sale Transaction](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/payments/sales): Must include a funding source and requested amount greater than 0.  
[Execute Multiple Refunds](../api/?type=post&path=/v2/payments/multi-refunds): Refund multitransactions.  
[Get Captured Payment Details by clientRequestId](../api/?type=get&path=/v1/payments/captures): Fetch captured payment details with a clientRequestId.  
[Get Fee Details](../api/?type=post&path=/v2/payments/charges): Used to get the details about fee charges.  
[Get Payment Authorization Details by authorizationId](../api/?type=get&path=/v1/payments/auths/{fdAuthorizationId}): Fetch details of a payment authorization by authorizationId.  
[Get Payment Authorization Details by clientRequestId](../api/?type=get&path=/v1/payments/auths): Fetch details of a payment authorization by clientRequestId.  
[Get Payment Capture Details](../api/?type=get&path=/v1/payments/captures/{fdCaptureId}): Fetch captured payment details with a Capture ID.  
[Get Refund Transaction Details by clientRequestId](../api/?type=get&path=/v1/payments/refunds): Fetch the refund transaction details with the clientRequestId.  
[Get Refund Transaction Details by refundId](../api/?type=get&path=/v1/payments/refunds/{fdRefundId}): Fetch the refund transaction details with the refundId.  
[Get Sale Transaction](../api/?type=get&path=/v1/payments/sales): Fetch a Sale detail object.  
[Get Sale Transaction Details by saleId](..api/?type=get&path=/v1/payments/sales/{fdSaleId}): Fetch a Sale detail object by saleId.  
[Get Void Transaction Details by clientRequestId](..api/?type=get&path=/v2/payments/void): Void transaction details by clientRequestId.  
[Patch Payment Authorization](../api/?type=patch&path=/v1/payments/auths/{fdAuthorizationId}): Proceed the transaction with action type.  
[Proceed with Sale Transaction](..api/?type=patch&path=/v1/payments/sales/{fdSaleId}): Proceed sale transaction with specific action type.  
[Refund a Capture](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/payments/captures/{fdCaptureId}/refunds): Refund a capture.  
[Refund a Multisale Transaction](../api/?type=post&path=/v2/payments/multi-sales/{fdParentTransactionId}/refunds): Refund a multisale transaction.  
[Refund a Sale Transaction](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/payments/sales/{fdSaleId}/refunds): Refund a sale transaction.  
[Refund Payment Authorization](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/payments/auths/{fdAuthorizationId}/refunds): Execute a refund on a payment authorization.  
[Refund Transaction](../api/?type=post&path=/v2/payments/refunds): Refund a transaction.  
[Void a Multisale Transaction](../api/?type=post&path=/v2/payments/multi-sales/{fdParentTransactionId}/void): Void a multisale transaction.  
[Void a Sale Transaction](../api/?type=post&path=/v2/payments/void): Void a transaction.  
[Void a Single Transaction from Multisale Transactions](../api/?type=post&path=/v2/payments/multi-void): Void multisale transactions.  
[Void Payment Authorization](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/payments/auths/{fdAuthorizationId}/void): Used to void the payment authorization.  
[Void Payment Capture](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/payments/captures/{fdCaptureId}/void): Used to void the capture.  

</details>

<details>
<summary><b>Prepaid Services</b></summary>

[Cancel a Deducted Transaction](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): A deducted transaction is voided.  
[Cancel a Purchase Transaction](api/?type=get&path=/v1/encryption-keys/{keyId}): Purchase transaction is voided.  
[Cancel Merge Transaction](api/?type=get&path=/v1/signature-keys/{keyId}): Merge transaction is voided.  
[Cancel Multiple Deducted Transactions](api/?type=get&path=/v1/signature-keys/{keyId}): Multiple deducted transactions are voided.  
[Cancel Multiple Prepaid Card Transactions](api/?type=get&path=/v1/signature-keys/{keyId}): Multiple prepaid card transactions are voided.  
[Cancel Multiple Prepaid CardSweep Transactions](api/?type=get&path=/v1/signature-keys/{keyId}): Service to Void Multiple Sweep Transactions.  
[Cancel Multiple Reload Transactions](api/?type=get&path=/v1/signature-keys/{keyId}): This service is to void multiple reload transactions.  
[Cancel Purchase Transactions](api/?type=get&path=/v1/signature-keys/{keyId}): Purchase transactions are voided.  
[Cancel Reloaded Transaction](api/?type=get&path=/v1/signature-keys/{keyId}): Reload prepaid card transaction is voided.  
[Cancel Sweep Transaction](api/?type=get&path=/v1/signature-keys/{keyId}): Service to void a sweep transaction.  
[Deduct Amount from a Prepaid Card](api/?type=get&path=/v1/signature-keys/{keyId}): Service to deduct prepaid card account.  
[Deduct Amount from Multiple Prepaid Cards](api/?type=get&path=/v1/signature-keys/{keyId}): This service is to deduct multiple prepaid cards.  
[Get Aggregated Balance for Multiple Prepaid Cards](api/?type=get&path=/v1/signature-keys/{keyId}): This service retrieves the aggregated balance of anonymous prepaid cards.  
[Get Prepaid Card Balance](api/?type=get&path=/v1/signature-keys/{keyId}): This service retrieves the balance of an anonymous prepaid card.  
[Get Prepaid Card Transaction Details](api/?type=get&path=/v1/signature-keys/{keyId}): This service is to retrieve transactions on a vaulted prepaid card from the host.  
[Get Status of Merge Transaction by clientRequestId](api/?type=get&path=/v1/signature-keys/{keyId}): This service is used for status check when a previous merge transaction is timed out.  
[Get Status of Prepaid Card Purchase by clientRequestId](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): Get Status of prepaid card purchase transaction by clientRequestId.  
[Get Status of Reload Prepaid Card by clientRequestId](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): This service is to get status of reload prepaid card transaction by clientRequestId.  
[Get Status of Void Prepaid Transaction](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): This service is to get status of void prepaid transaction.  
[Load Funds into a Vaulted Prepaid Card](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): Service to load funds into a vaulted Prepaid Card.  
[Merge Balance from One Vaulted Prepaid Card to Another](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): This service merges the balance from one vaulted prepaid card to another vaulted prepaid card.  
[Purchase a New Prepaid Card](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): Purchase a new prepaid card.  
[Purchase Multiple Prepaid Cards](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): Purchase Multiple Prepaid Cards.  
[Reload a Prepaid Card](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): This service is to reload funds into a vaulted Prepaid Card.  
[Reload Funds to Multiple Prepaid Cards](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): This service is to reload funds to multiple prepaid cards.  
[Resume a Reload Transaction](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): This service resumes 3DS pending reload transaction.  
[Retrieve Transactions on a Prepaid Card](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): Service to retrieve transactions on a vaulted Prepaid Card from the host.  
[Sweep a Prepaid Card Balance](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): Service to sweep a prepaid card balance.  
[Sweep Multiple Prepaid Card Balances](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): Service to sweep multiple prepaid card balances.  
[Void of a Merge Transaction](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): Void of a merge transaction.  
[Void of a Purchase Transaction](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): Void of a Purchase Transaction.  
[Void of a Reloaded Prepaid Card](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): Void of a reload transaction.  
[Void of Any Prepaid Card Transaction](../api/?type=post&path=/v1/tokens): Void of any prepaid card transaction.  
</details>